when
I was laughing
from here
Hello everyone during the attack
there was a shorter topic here
what you need to take on the logistics
receipts
DJ disk written in a format
the girl di
I do not know for what reason no one
can write audio gray hair coal
DJs shorter when they swear
bring small disks when im
bring money to blues
when I don't know there were several that
will wear
in short let's consider how
very simple way without any
third-party programs recorded in audio
is sitting
for this we need god
just
this is a wonderful program which
turn up the player
Windows media
he's a media player here we open it
see some garbage
in principle there can be another track
but honestly the tip of the tongue
Katia seven days a week and those who score
ordered sanctions so we have opened
play dream languages
in their hands
no, let's say one reason just like that
it still does not rule with them conceded the question
Hindu enterprises such Windows
in
however, new national office data
national economy
I will know for free
music was very easy for me
refuse
push the overlay record
fine
this is the workspace
we are recording a trio album for group c evening
Chelyabinsk
let's say you write your own
mousse yes
that is, here you open your folder
cons whether a lot just choose your
minuses
click on parking
cool do not need to
the second
first takes its shortcomings
fellow speakers
and who got these drag this one
work area
a playlist is created here
that is, he will be your nose
I explained everything clearly
if we want them to be aware
available now this state
Well, because about the cancellation of plans
next we take baumanka I
carefully
all ideas m does not interrupt no less
balay sits
neither money nor nothing newspaper
low it's not on the box now he
sits 5 I bought 6 editor for 10 rubles
it's not a lot of money
we invade dealers our computer
creative path will call terrible
sounds
and press a button to start recording
on this spot
nevertheless we drive dive
no fund
click start recording
he really will be such a piece
artist and half-dolls
author
ha ha ha ha ha ha
confident most of our business
by the way in an empty disk lats
I left my disk
by the way start again nightly zakosit game
pay sell only broken disks
for this you need to finish Michael
baharev
I admit that the consumer
rush
but if packages
asia we start recording no start otherwise
Chief
what was in the beginning is recording like this
happens
he just first checked the tracks by
bestowal lazovic but also in the eyes
eye phase appear such food it may
take but i don't know mr if you
write alt tab one to five minutes and then
war slashed
coffin five minutes no more
so
97 percent
as cool as 97 centimeters
Tyumen Nekruto
experts believe this has affected
results so 99 percent of villages
record bypass Novodvinsk with your
Okhotina themselves are orphan thousand
so important is the care of the ship
several bottles but production
people
that's shorter
brand beech just spit out the gloom
we insert sideways will not be better than expected
then her tape recorder in order to check
because the radio tape recorder basically lives what
the same rules that housing but DJ
then too
like that
Louise
to investigators
in short, there are such things
right now
who is interested in another alternative
method of recording recoil see the following doses